having named all the controls with and decide which controls need to have code attached to
them.
So in this case,
we need toe have code attached to two controls.
One of them is obvious.
The okay button.
The user enters text into the various tax fields.
We don't want anything to happen at that stage when they click.
OK,
we then want to read the values from these tax fields into the document.
Meta information.
The document properties.
That's the obvious one.
The less obvious one is that when the former loads,
we want the current title subject or that,
and keywords to be loaded into the appropriate feels from the user interface from the
document meta Internation automatically into these text fields.
Now we don't want the user to have to click to make this happen.
We just wanted to happen instantly when the four loads on.
The way to do that is to attach it to one of the four events,
one of the events of the form itself.
So the simplest way to generate an event procedures we've seen is to double click on the
appropriate control,
so we simply double click on the form as opposed to one of the controls on the form.
So anywhere in the space between the controls,
basically I just double quick on.
What happens then is that the default event procedure is generated on the default event
procedure,
for the form is click.
Clearly,
this is what we want.
We don't want to have to wait for the user to click the four before it's updated.
So the default events on mess occasion is not the one we want.
By double clicking on the user form,
we've automatically set the object dropped down to use a form which means that on the
procedure dropped down with and have ALS,
the event procedures which relate to the use of form itself on the one that we need is
initialized.
This happens when B B.
A is actually creating the full just before the form is shown.
So let's choose initialize,
and then we can lose the default event.
Click so before the form is shown while it's being built in memory,
we want to display document properties in tech students,
So having named our text feels and prefix them with txt to access them,
we then use this keyword me and that relates to the form.
And it's a good idea to use me as opposed to fr and properties,
so that if you work to move the code to another fall,
it would still work because me means the current form before that contains this code.
So me dot txt and let's student in the same order Title don't value I the text inside the
textbooks and we're now looking inside document properties.
So no prizes for guessing that it's gonna be inside the document object so we can say
active document,
not built in document properties.
We can then use one of the W.
D.
Denham's,
and they all start with W D property.
So W D property title.
When you type in these genomes there obviously,
sometimes difficult to remember.
A nice way of checking whether you've got it right is just a double click on it to
highlight it.
Then right click and choose definition.
If it exists,
the Object browser opens and it's then selected so we can see they're all the obvious names
.
They start with WD property,
and then it's the name of that particular property.
So we could just call me this line way that I did is just moved the cancer to the left when
it changes to that arrow that you can see that point in right,
You click once to highlight online that I do control,
see and then control V repeatedly.
So control V 123 full.
So we're doing them in the same order.
So it was subject on keywords.
So let's test it.
We'll save and then just go back into the word interface in,
uh,
advanced,
Um,
unless just put it in.
So I'm gonna put test.
So all four now have an entry.
Let's see if they're picked up and there they are.
So the first part is complete.
The second pound then is on the OK button.
When they click the OK button,
we want the values in the text fields to overwrite the values in the document.
So again,
we double quick on the OK button this time on.
What we want to do now is simply the reverse of what we did here.
So here we're assigning a value to each of the tax fields and the value Where is assigning
is each of the corresponding document properties.
So when they click the OK button.
We effectively want to do the opposite of this,
so we want to assign a value to the document property,
said the document.
Property goes on the left,
so I'm gonna hold down the control key and just drag into that position on Just tap that in
equals.
And then I'm gonna control drag place.
So that's what we want,
the reverse of what we have here.
So it's set in the value of the built in document property to match the value that the user
has put in our text field.
Let's just do the same for each of the others.
Sanders.
He is in control.
Drag equals control,
drank.
I'm not sure if this is the fastest way of doing it back her.
It's as good as any other.
The next thing we want to do is to get rid of the form.
Once it served its useful purpose,
you'll probably remember we did use a form dot show to make it visible.
And of course,
the opposite would be user form,
not hide.
However,
this hides the form but doesn't remove it from memory.
So better syntax is unload me may as we've seen can be used to refer to the form on unload
both hides it and removes it from memory.
Another thing that we should do is to save the document,
and I'll just show you why.
Let's just save out changes and close the document and then let's reopen it.
So here the titles that I put in last time,
let's sound want to simply delete them all.
Click OK,
then I save my changes.
And when I go back in,
the changes that I've made didn't register.
And the reason is simple.
I made a change to the document properties,
but I made no change to the document itself.
The change to the Document properties doesn't register as a change in its own right.
So if you've made no changes to the document on,
all we've changed is a document properties then the user will find.
But those document property changes have simply been ignored to show you that's true.
Let's click.
OK,
make a change to the document itself.
Save close.
And then when we reopened the change of the document,
properties did register because there was a changed in a document hands when we saved the
document property changes were saved at the same time.
So clearly it's a good idea to make sure that we save the document property changes as part
of our It's part of our code so that if they use the changes,
nothing else at least their document property changes have registered.
So let's get rid of that text,
go back into code the way to do this I'm just double clicking on the first of all the
object and then the form itself to get into code.
The way to do this is to use the saved property that we saw earlier.
You remember here we tested whether the saved property was true or false.
One of the nice things about this property is that you can actually change it for your own
purposes.
So here we would say active document don't saved equal false.
So that's telling word this document needs saving because it hasn't been saved.
And unless we do that,
as we saw when we use the safe command,
if there are no physical changes,
if only document properties have been changed,
then ah,
it's not going to save the document.
But by doing this,
we're forcing it to save the document because we've told it the document hasn't been saved
.
So now when we say active documents,
we'll save.
It's always going to save the document,
even if there are no physical changes.
So let's test now,
so we just need to go in,
make a change.
It's like,
OK,
close.
You'll see.
It doesn't even ask us if we want to save because there are no physical changes.
But when we go back in,
there's our title.
This document object response to the opening and closing of the document.
If this document object is a template,
it also responds to the creation of a new document based on that term plate.
The saved property of the document object is a rewrite Property,
which could be used to force word to save or not save a document,
is required.
Document dot built in document properties collection provides,
read,
write access to the properties or metadata of a word document